hi Hilltoppers it's written mommy unit
here from awesome healthy I trust you're
having a great day and those of you guys
too celebrated Thanksgiving I hope it
went well for you and you enjoyed
reuniting with your family and friends
and you all had a great time today we're
making the truly scrumptious
Mediterranean dish that is packed full
of nutrients and a diversity of flavors
that you can find on a fruit base and
low-fat raw vegan diets this dish is
completely Evert fat-free and let's have
a look at the ingredients that you will
need to make it one medium cucumber
peeled and then chopped into small
squares like this or alternatively you
can use a food processor 1/2 of red bell
pepper deseeded and then chopped into
little squares like this one head of
cauliflower grated or placed in the food
processor to medium celery stalks
chopped or again placed in the
food-processing chopped
one cup tasty red tomatoes chopped into
small cubes 2/3 of a cup of freshly
chopped parsley and a quarter of a cup
of freshly chopped cilantro you will
also need the juice of one fresh lime
you will also need three cherry tomatoes
for decoration and here I've simply
reserved some of the bell pepper that we
chopped together earlier and I will also
keep it for decoration all right so what
you're going to do next is pour the lime
juice over your cauliflower and massage
it together this will soften your
cauliflower and by the way a little tip
for you you can use it with any of your
cabbage it will make it much softer and
hence easier to digest and next we're
going to mix in all the other
ingredients so tomatoes cucumbers bell
pepper celery and herbs but please
reserve about a tablespoon of parsley
for decoration later so next we're going
to mix the tabbouleh mix together using
either spoons or your own hands which
feels nice and earthy and then pour the
lime juice over it and mix it all
together again
their next step is to transfer the mix
onto the place your serving plate so
next what we're going to do is arrange
the cauliflower around the plate like so
and the next step is to decorate it chop
the tomatoes that you reserved for
decoration and arrange the tomatoes
around the dish then you will place the
bell pepper and the herbs around the
dish also and voila look at that fresh
scrumptious tabbouleh oil-free
gluten-free completely healthy for you
enjoy this delicious dish and feel free
to share it with others well done
but before we taste this scrumptious
scrumptious tabbouleh let me make an
announcement we have completed I
you recipe book drumrolls and it is
going to be out shortly it is packed
full of most delicious high fruits and
low-fat raw vegan recipes to help you
stay in lean shape and to help you boost
your health and increase your energy
levels so the book will be out shortly
and it also did some special festive
bonuses so stay tuned for the
announcements and now I'm just a bully I
can't wait to taste it it's so it's so
it smells just divine and I hope you all
enjoy it so if you liked this video
please give it thumbs up and please feel
free to find us on facebook at
facebook.com/ /r awesome healthy and to
like a song man for more information
about the raw food diet go to our
website at www.flcfs.org
beautiful beautiful beautiful
you